the movie hey guys welcome back to my
channel is leaky for today's video I'm
going to be sharing my current favorite
products that I love in at the moment
this is completely unsupported nobody
told me to do this most of you guys who
are subscribed to my channel or follow
my Instagram or happy a snapchat would
know that I use these products like
weekly or monthly so yeah it'll just
correct products that I'm loving like
right now I've already got a playlist of
like my Holy Grail products so I'll link
that down below but this is just what
I've been loving at the moment so yeah
if you like the video just keep on
watching so the first product has been
loving is my cream of nature's shampoo
so it looks like I've been using this
shampoo since I went natural it's never
failed me and it's really cheap are
great for three-pound for denying the
knowledge that isn't dauntless boy is
really cheap and affordable and it
doesn't leave my hair dries slow so
moisturizing but it cleans like all my
dandruff away because I do get dangerous
and flaky scalp so yeah it cleans my
dandruff away it's really cheap and full
access to only shampoo that right now
that my hair likes because when I put
other shampoos on my head I just feels a
bit dry so yes my favorite favorite
shampoo and I do recommend it because
it's cheap affordable and it does work
it's supposed to do so yeah my next
favorite is like you guys have seen this
in my wash day routine and this is my
Tristen made botanic nourishing
replenish to looking free shampoo I
really love this one is got great skin
it it helps Matt melt away my tangles it
smells really nice even though the slaw
does give me a headache
but channel work around it but yeah
however in the winter time I feel like
my hair doesn't like it so
because it has coconut oil and obviously
when coconut oil gets like so late it
tends to freeze up the hair clog relates
to his cooking all of my hair my hair
would freeze up so I don't use coconut
oil in my head that much for in a summer
time I love this like especially for
ocean girls like when I wash my hair and
then I was once I washed everything out
I just leave like a little bit of it in
as I kind of like a leave-in welcome a
leave-in conditioner and I make my hair
source also emotional my next one in my
day we are hope they never changed the
formula for this because this is
literally my favorite probably my
favorite product ever
and this is the Shea Moisture curl in
her since we me and this is yeah kinda
nice maybe I use this on my hair all the
time
and I'm going to lay my edges when I'm
gonna slick my hair back you know what
my head school really really really
moisturize I use this if I'm wet do my
washing girl I used this before any gel
on my hair I love it so much it's not so
nice and it lasts a long time I've had
it for so long and yeah I love it
this is actually I think it's the only
shame oyster product I actually use and
earn but I love it so much you see do
not change the formula good I love this
so much
the next one is a oldie but goodie it's
got kind of bust on it both sides using
again with my blowouts on my pasta
moisturize my hair cause sometimes my
hair does get really really really dry
well I don't wash dries it
so yeah I would recommend this and it's
been very cheap I got this was briefly
line as well and it is the beautiful
textures moisture but up with your cream
for mixed texture and I love it so much
this way look it's very cheap and
affordable this will like make your hair
so moisturize the moment you put on and
I feel like you don't even need to use
an oil with this because it's so so
moisturizing I don't know if the
ingredients
it's disco uh dinner and we check well
the first ingredients were also must be
good but yeah this is not natural but I
loved it a lot and yes so more shredded
next product is a styler and this is my
country shaper our moisturizing
coactivator cream I've been using this
like the years like since I went natural
to first start off doing my washing
girls I'll just use this on its own and
it will do my friend but now I mix it
with eco styler gel and it makes my hair
hot like the cars pop so much and
whenever I'm walking around like going
to the shops or anything people asking
what's in my head is this cause it'll
make your hair long so so so so nice so
yeah and it's another cheap product so
most the products times are really cheap
I don't use expensive products unless
they're like deep conditioners because
that's the time I spend like loads and
loads of money different deep
conditioner yeah the next one is a new
flavor and this is my clicker style of
professional styling tool
black cast or a black seed oil and I've
weighed on a reviewer list I really love
it and I just wish that they'll make the
bigger one like the olive oil one that's
one of my favorites as well I don't have
it on me right now cause I'm finished it
but um yeah I love that one as well the
olive oil and this one is so so so nice
for that this one is moisturizing than
the olive oil one so yeah almost out
what I will be doing a singling method
on my hair because I have never tried
doing the shingling method on my hair
and I feel like if I do that my hair pop
a lot more
so yeah requests that we get and I will
do it the next one is a deep conditioner
this one was sent to me but as I am but
this is not sponsored by the alien but
yeah this is their hydration elation
deep conditioner when I put this on my
hair limit again this will make a head
feel like butter so smooth so nice I
just love it but guys I don't know
whether they was going with this sizing
of this product because I have so much
hair well I don't know I just wish it
came in a bigger size the next one is my
blueberry list called
girls control paint get this I've got
like five of them I just need them
around everywhere but yeah I love them
so so so so much
keeps my edges really moisturize I don't
let it grow tomatoes a lot because I
just don't see a difference with that
but yeah I love its moisturizing I'd
like to use it mainly when my hair blown
out and not when like I have a wash and
go something cuz I better like a slick
motion girl number please yeah I like
the next one is another cheap product
this is our Jackie's flaxseed recipe fix
my head and said with hair conditioning
mask and swirl of her I leave everything
down below anyways but yeah I love this
it's more so alive is she you get a lot
a lot for them for the price that I pay
for ideas so nice for my hair it makes
my hair feel really really quite a ring
but the next one is my favorite this is
not going to go to going to go to the
conditioner and it's the Crescent hello
deep conditioner
okay this will define your curls it will
make your hair so soft so manageable I
feel like my texture has become a lot
more softer since using this like when I
put this one and after when I'm rinsing
it out you fill your head like the
difference from your hair from before
through now and so nice apparently grows
your hair wait for my hair to curl
because I'm trying to grow my hair like
part of my ways so yeah next one is
everybody you guys have seen this on my
channel axis I started and this is my
hair growth for you I'll put the link
for that in the description box everyone
asks me how I use it I use it when I'm
doing my washing goes and use it for hot
oil treatments I use it like mix melted
conditioner with me I use it to rub on
my go out and do Scott not so much but I
am going to have the video and all of
that so yeah just information this is my
go-to it's got henna in it's got am LA
all these different products and yeah I
love it so much she's helped my hair be
shiny
it's defined in my hair I feel like it
kind of loosen my hair a little bit but
I don't learn maybe it's because of the
henna it hasn't changed my hair color
but if you have blonde hair I will
decide to use like a sphere or something
like cassia instead of henna because and
that can change your hair color but it
won't change it drastically but if
you're blonde obviously you'll see a lot
more than something like me who has dark
hair next one I don't have it with me at
the moment but it's a hope or oil and
I've been using it on my scalp it's very
moisturizing I love using it on my scalp
a lot and I'm using it on my skin
because I've been that girl from like
acne and stuff and yeah I love on my
blow-up our usual over Haho or you'll I
use it on my blower to make it softer
because if I use that full of oil or
oil on my hair when it's blood up there
and just make my hair greasy so hobos
really good because I think it's like
the most natural thing to like our skin
sebum or something like that yeah
this and the next one is my manuka honey
leave-in conditioner by Paul Mills and
I've got this in my treasure chest box
waterbury
dead berries valentine's day one and
they sent it to me and oh my god like
I've been sleeping on this because now I
just used to swim up your ass when I
want gonna blow up my name and my
address I put the squall it makes my
hair so soft I like my hair doesn't even
look dry or anything my hair is so so
soft and I usually don't like spray only
wins but this is so moisturizing like
when I sure you guys
like if I could milky texture is so nice
and the next thing is an oldie algis is
my asaji keratin and green tea
instructions restructure iyslah this is
what it looks like
I use this on my blow ups as well I'm
gonna start using it when I do my mini
twists because obviously the corner mods
for comment and like rains the rain and
wind and all of that in England so when
I start putting my hair in twists again
I'll be spraying it on just to keep my
hair like just keep the just to let my
hair have some strength inside it so
yeah it is really really really really
good like I feel like like well those
peas I used to make Lisa make henna peas
curly proverbs has tutorials on them so
our Chinese Sun down the local is that
her teeth will make her hair so so so
strong I've also beloved aloe vera juice
again and remember the product name why
leave it over here and mix those two
together and just really moisturize my
hair used it in my wig video the heart
take care of my hair under my wigs yeah
so if you don't want to use like any of
these products I really highly suggest
you just use aloe vera juice with water
in a spray ball and get some
like a favorite evening that moisturizes
your hair and then an oil that you
really like so if you have like like me
I like olive oil jojoba oil my hello oil
what held so I would only use castor oil
on my scalp or just like on the ends but
yet if you don't need any of this
product so to see suggest you do it like
the loc method and then you're done like
you choose your hair grow so yeah I hope
you guys liked the video leave some
suggestions for videos that you want to
see next and they are see you next month
I go
[Music]